[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2015 film Maze Runner the
Scorch Trials so let's get started this
summer realize in part that you've seen
the previous film if you'd like to see
summary check out the link below the
film picks up right after the previous
film showing Thomas and the other
colliders being brought to a facility
run by man named Janssen the facility
has several other Gladers from different
mazes and Janssen explains that the
Gladers were put there because they are
immune to the flare virus Thomas become
suspicious lover and finds out with
another survivor named Ayres but the
immune survivors are being experimented
on they also discover that Janssen works
for the wicked organization seen at the
end of the previous film led by dr. Ava
Thomas Eris and the others escaped from
the facility heading towards a
resistance group known as the right arm
who are hiding in the mountains they
travel through the outside world known
as the scourge and a pursued by the
wicked troops as well as flesh-eating
cranks humans that are infected by the
flare virus the group loses some numbers
and eventually meets up with Brenda and
Jorge who are leading a group of
survivors they help them to escape
closer to the mountain as the wicked
troops continue to pursue them Thomas
and Brenda are separated from the others
end up at a drug-crazed nightclub and
Brenda is bitten by crank Thomas's
flashbacks is when he and Teresa worked
for wicked and remembers defying them
Thomas and Brenda reunite with Jorge and
the others the group arrives in the
mountains and meets with the right arm
led by Vince
Brenda collapses as a flare virus start
to take over and is nearly killed but a
former wicked scientist named Mary
Cooper stops up she explains that there
is no cure that could be made for the
virus and said it must be harvested from
immune people Brenda is given a shot to
prevent the disease from spreading at
night Teresa reveals she signaled their
location to wicked believing they could
all from the flair wicked trips a ride
killing and capturing many members of
the right arm some decorators and right
arm escape and begin to plan to take
down wicked so that was a spoilers for
Maze Runner the Scorch Trials if you
have a film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie spoiler alerts on the
various forms of social media listed
below remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching
[Applause]
[Music]